
(0)
Jungle is a Web3 browser game hosted in didakoo.com
In This game no third part advertising and game don’t use your data at all. To play you need no email or password.
You can join as “no wallet” as anonymous or create your avatar with an Ethereum mainnet gateway wallet.




(1)
What is an Ethereum gateway ?
Ethereum was invented by Vitalik Buterin in 2013, is a decentralized computer powered by blockchain technology.
More than just a cryptocurrency, it’s the house of Web3 applications, 
revolutionizing digital ownership and authenticity introducing Non-Fungible Tokens ( NFTs ).
(1a)
To join Ethereum and create your avatar in Jungle you just need Metamask , 
one of the most popular gateway wallet in crypto world.





(2)
This game is 1 vs 1.
You can play against computer or challenge a friend in Multiplayer mode by sharing a room link.
For all player ages , a match can last 10 sec to 1 hour.
Jungle - didakoo.com mantains the fundamental rule of the classic board game introducing a twist: 
the initial disposition of animals is randomized in each new room.
(2a)
On your first Metamask login, your avatar will be created in the game ranking. 
At the end of a match the winner is rewarded with 3 points.
A significant aspect of Jungle is to benefit top-ranked players;
grants them the opportunity to showcase their OpenSea accounts and their NFT collections. 
If you’re playing as “no wallet” you won’t have access to the ranking feature.
(2b)
Nfts Power ups
Didakoo has relased in Opensea marketplace some Nfts that make you able to unlock extra functionality and permissions in game:






(3)
An independent multiplyer videogame that integrates a custom minimax algorithm into a single-page website built in Laravel PHP and Vue.js JavaScript.
Website throw Metamsk login recognize tokens in following networks list to unlock features in game : Eth Mainnet , Polygon L2, Base L2 also including some of the most iconic nfts.
It's also possible login as anonymous guest with less features.
